Now, let's just run our system with this.
So for that, I'm going to do this C minus D, which would bring up our entire system.
First, it will pull the latest sketch from Docker registry.
So let's wait for that.
Looks like it has bullet.
No disputing that it is exporter that has done.
There it is, starting all these components.
So it has launched all these components.
Now let's see the logo of one of those components if they are indeed starting properly or not, so we
will look at litigator service.
The normally look at good service because of gateway service is not up.
Then we will not be able to connect to any other service from our web UI.
OK, so this is coming up this time our focus will be on product service because that's where we have
added.
And it is cash, so product services coming up in the meantime, there's just one thing that I forgot
to tell you, and that was that we'll of course have to add reduce dependency in this form, Nordics
and also in this.
Product service that is this bombed out exhibit in order to.
Get the libraries for this client.
Is the version that we're using.
And somewhere down, we should have this.
OK, so this is where we're using spring word starter data.
So Spring Springwood provided Jedis for it.
So because you're using this Jedis claim to access this, there is another line called Nadya's line,
which is provided by spring by default.
So we're excluded that.
And we have included the Radius client, so that's what we have done.
So this was the only thing which I missed telling you before.
So that completes the code Bartlett.
Let's go back to our client.
OK, so our product service has come up.
So let's just check if all processes are up.
So all processes are up, except if you see this service as if it exists, that's perfectly fine because
we created this container just to just to create the image of services, which will be used by other
services.
OK, so now let's try to connect to our system.
This is the IP address.
OK, so we are going to do review.
Let's find him.
OK, because we are able to sign into our translation services also.
Let's just check if the entire system is up.
OK, one services are up there, it looks good, so.
No.
Let's see if there is any data that I know there is no data, so let's create some data.
OK, so this would have created data, so if I look at product data tables, there are products in that.
So now if I go to products that are products in this and I can see you've got details as well.
So now how do we know that this is coming from cash?
Because it's not a system which is running with very high amounts of data.
So our database itself is able to do caching.
So we will not come to know much of the difference how we are getting these products.
So in order to know that what we will do is we will look at our tracing.
So this is where tracing can become very helpful.
You whenever you want to understand how what is the core flow, how a particular API works, then we
can make use of or trace.
So.
In this case, we are interested in product service.
Let's.
OK, so there is a great product that there is a good products request.
So let's look at this great product request.
Now, if we look at the quality end for this product and we look at this edge get, this is something
that is coming from the it is.
So you can see over here this is using Javaris components and it has taken 44 microseconds to fetch
this data.
Now that is pretty fast.
And if you compare it with the total time taken, it's actually nothing.
So this is how we can make sure that data is coming from cache and that is speeded up our system.
So it was pretty easy to include in addition to our system.
Now this will alleviate some load from our database.
Well, let's move to our next item to further reduce the stress on our databases.